hi everyone my name is Heather and I'm
the person behind happy puppy truffles
today I wanted to share with you guys an
unboxing or unwrapping of origami paper
and I've kind of got a whole bunch from
the hundred yen store in Japan here
that's called cydia and it's not to be
confused with die so there's a couple
different variations of hundred and
stores here but I found quite a few of
things that are really great for spring
and I happened across this particular
pack of origami paper that is all floral
prints that kind of look like wallpaper
patterns in some way and they're all 16
patterns one sheet each so I'm curious
to see what kind of paper quality this
is on you get all these different
patterns and they would all work really
well together because of the general
tone of everything but um this is made
by I can't read here tampopo something
tomm bubble but it's a japanese company
here that makes this paper and just look
like so much fun the patterns just
looked fun so I wanted to kind of see
what it was like something kind of open
it up and we'll take a look at the
quality sometimes you just can't tell
until you get a chance to get at home
and open it to know you know what kind
of quality paper you're getting here
this is some nice printed shield on my
paper it's got a pretty good weight to
it and you can kind of see the patterns
here they're all just a nice matte kind
of finish to these with the different oh
that one's really beautiful Wow some
really fun stuff different kinds of
things you don't normally see um you
know on an origami paper i think you
know definitely a fun variety but i
always hate these because then you find
one and you're like oh my gosh i love
this and i want to use it and make you
know a like Tomoko who say box and then
you need seven or eight of these and you
have to buy eight packs just to get all
the sheet of paper that you want but
just for the fun of it to see something
different and you know kind of from your
normal run-of-the-mill kind of origami
paper if you've been doing if this for a
while those kinds of things get a little
boring after a while so this has some
nice variety really pretty stuff and so
I'm going to go ahead and just off old
one and show you guys how well it
creases and stuff here but I'm
I'm gonna use this one that I liked
sounds just fun bright fun spring colors
nice kind of difference than your usual
things here I know a lot of people
though you know when they think origami
paper they think Japanese and
traditional and everything looks like
it's made out of silk and kimonos and
all that and something like this might
be really off-putting and because it's
not you know traditionally Japanese but
if you're just looking for something fun
and what's popular now this is
definitely something that is for that
now when you look at it kind of up close
it looks almost like it's like a
replication of something that's been on
like cotton maybe I get a little kind of
sense of that when I look at it here but
let's see how how it folds the colors
are really bright nice pattern into the
paper like I said is a good weight it's
crisp so it holds its crease well I'll
go ahead and finish this off and show
you guys what's like when it's done I
would definitely say compared to some of
the other paper that I've been buying
recently from this particular hundred in
store because and I'd say because you
can usually tell by how many sheets that
are the quality is going to be higher
when there's less sheets because there's
only 16 in here the paper is a little
thicker I think it folds nicer because
of that you get something a little more
sturdy when you're finished this is a
nice sturdy box so but yeah it's so
pretty and such fun different kinds of
patterns that are included in this so
definitely something to think about if
you guys are here and you get a chance
to go to a department store or to a
hundred yen store and and kind of look
around you know think about looking at
some of these kinds of things that may
be or not and you know these this little
tiny picture here doesn't even do
justice so pretty the paper is really so
some fun stuff to look at for sure and
i'll try to have some more fun kinds of
unboxings and unwrapping to share with
you guys in the future thanks again
always so much for watching and I'll see
y'all next time bye
you